Azure Virtual machine - An Azure virtual machine gives you the flexibility 
of virtualization without having to buy and maintain the physical hardware that runs it. 
However, you still need to maintain the virtual machine by performing tasks, 
such as configuring, patching, and installing the software that runs on it.


HDInsight - a cost-effective, enterprise-grade service for open source analytics - 
including Apache Hadoop, Spark, and Kafka


Azure Data Factory is a cloud-based data integration service that allows you to create data-driven workflows 
in the cloud for orchestrating and automating data movement and data transformation. 
1.122Azure Data Factory does not store any data itself. 

Azure AD Identity Protection  -
Identity Protection is a tool that allows organizations to accomplish three key tasks:
Automate the detection and remediation of identity-based risks.
Investigate risks using data in the portal.
Export risk detection data to third-party utilities for further analysis.

Azure Privileged Identity Management - primarily deals with two risks user and system - and MFA
To use Privileged Identity Management, you must have one of the following licenses:
Azure AD Premium P2
Enterprise Mobility + Security (EMS) E5


Azure Advanced Threat Protection
Azure AD Identity Protection is an Azure Active Directory Premium P2 edition feature that provides 
an overview of the risk detections and potential vulnerabilities that can affect your organization’s identities. 

Identity Protection uses existing Azure AD anomaly-detection capabilities that are available through Azure AD 
Anomalous Activity Reports, and introduces new risk detection types that can detect real time anomalies.  
Identity Protection uses adaptive machine learning algorithms and heuristics to detect anomalies and risk detections 
that might indicate that an identity has been compromised. 
ATP montors and analyzes user activities and information across your network, 
such as permissions and group membership, creating a behavioral baseline for each user, 
then identifies anomaloies wiht adaptive built-in intelligence

Azure HDInsight - open-source framework for distributed processing and analysis of big data sets in clusters

Azure Data Lake Analytics - can run massively parallel data transformation and processing programs across petabytes of data

Azure SQL Synapse Analytics -  cloud based service that leverages massively parallel processing (MPP) to quickly run complex queries across petabytes of data in a relational DB

Azure SQL Database - managed relational cloud db service

Azure can monitor on-prem computers

service-fabric-cluster-capacity
  Number of node types
  Properties of each node

Azure Resoure Manager templates provide a common platform for deploying objects to a cloud infrastructure and for 
implementing consistency across the Azure environment

Microsoft Compliance Manager (Preview) is a free workflow-based risk that lets you track , 
assign and verify regulatory compliance activities


Basic - no support by email or phone
Standard Email only
Developer - Yes 
Premier - Yes
Professional Direct - Yes

Azure Event Hub  is a fully managed, real-time data ingestion service that’s simple, trusted, 
and scalable. Stream millions of events per second from any source to build dynamic data pipelines 
and immediately respond to business challenges.


Azure Log Analytics - is a tool in the Azure portal used to edit and run log queries 
with data in Azure Monitor Logs. 

Powershell needs Cloud shwell not the Azure CLI

VM1 - USe Azure Virtual Machine to see service failure notifications

Azure Storage can Contain up to 2PB for US and Europe and 500TB  in other regions

azcopy apparently does not require that you rehydrate.  It is the rehydrator.

Azure Account has a $200 spending limit

Privileged Identity Management - you can implement just in time privileges for Azure resources

General Availability is release to all customers

You can increase SLA slightly by deploying to multiple regions

Azure Advisor can Estimate the costs of an Azure solution
But doesn't FOLLOW BEST SECURITY PRACTICES but can make some security recommendations

You Azure Trial acccount expired last week.  you are now unable to create addtional Azure AD user accounts.
There are no cost to user accounts so you ARE ABLE.
But you cannto start an exiting Azure VM because it generates costs.

Basic then Developer (email support), then Standard (Phone support), then Professional Direct, then Premier

Azure free account has a limit of 10 web apps, 5GB Blob and 5GB file storage, $200 limit